README.md, before:

# 🧠 Grok Academy Answers

This repository contains answers and solutions to various **Grok Academy** courses. It is intended as a reference and study tool for students who are learning to code and want help understanding how to solve different problems on Grok.

> ⚠️ **This repository is _not_ meant to be cloned and submitted directly.**  
> You should only copy and paste individual answers into your Grok Academy account after understanding how the solution works.

---

## 📚 What's Inside

- Answers to several Grok courses (e.g. Intro to Python, Micro:bit).
- For block-based courses, where code cannot be easily copied, **screenshots** of the correct blocks have been added instead.
- For certain courses they are identical apart from one being block code and the other being python in such occurences they have been seperated by the suffix at the end. Either -Blockly or -Python

---

## ❗ Disclaimer

- This is meant to help students learn — not to encourage plagiarism.
- Try to read and understand the code before using it.
- Respect your school or teacher's academic policies.

Commit message:

Added clarification about playground sections in README

README.md, after:

# 🧠 Grok Academy Answers

This repository contains answers and solutions to various **Grok Academy** courses. It is intended as a reference and study tool for students who are learning to code and want help understanding how to solve different problems on Grok.

> ⚠️ **This repository is _not_ meant to be cloned and submitted directly.**  
> You should only copy and paste individual answers into your Grok Academy account after understanding how the solution works.

---

## 📚 What's Inside

- Answers to several Grok courses (e.g. Intro to Python, Micro:bit).
- For block-based courses, where code cannot be easily copied, **screenshots** of the correct blocks have been added instead.
- For certain courses they are identical apart from one being block code and the other being python in such occurences they have been seperated by the suffix at the end. Either -Blockly or -Python
  -- For certain courses there is a playground section at the end i have not provided answers to those as it can be any piece of code.

---

## ❗ Disclaimer

- This is meant to help students learn — not to encourage plagiarism.
- Try to read and understand the code before using it.
- Respect your school or teacher's academic policies.
